.TH QJS 1 "2026-07-22"
.SH NAME
qjs - QuickJS-NG JavaScript interpreter

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY qjs
.RI [ OPTION ].\|.\|.\&
.RI [ FILE " [" ARGUMENT ].\|.\|.]
.YS

.SH DESCRIPTION
QuickJS-NG is a small and embeddable JavaScript engine.
It aims to support the latest ECMAScript specification.
.PP
The \fBqjs\fR executable runs the JavaScript interpreter.
It includes a simple standard library and REPL.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c\fR,\fP \-\-compile
Compile \fIFILE\fR into a standalone executable, bundling the interpreter and the script.

.TP
.B \-C\fR,\fP \-\-script
Load \fIFILE\fR as a classic JavaScript script.
By default, \fBqjs\fR will try to detect if \fIFILE\fR is a JS script or an ES module.

.TP
.B \-d\fR,\fP \-\-dump
Dump memory usage statistics.

.TP
\fB\-D \fIFLAGS\fR, \fB\-\-dump-flags\fR=\fIFLAGS\fR
Specify debug dump flags.
These can also be set through the \fBQJS_DUMP_FLAGS\fR environment variable.

.TP
\fB\-e\fR \fIEXPR\fR, \fB\-\-eval\fR \fIEXPR\fR
Evaluate \fIEXPR\fR and exit.

.TP
.B \-h\fR,\fP \-\-help
Print a help message and exit.

.TP
.B \-i\fR,\fP \-\-interactive
Enter interactive mode. This is the default if no \fIFILE\fR is provided.

.TP
\fB\-I\fR \fIIFILE\fR, \fB\-\-include\fR \fIIFILE\fR
Include an additional file.

.TP
.BI \-\-memory\-limit " N"
Limit memory usage to \fIN\fR Kbytes.

.TP
.B \-m\fR,\fP \-\-module
Load \fIFILE\fR as an ECMAScript module.
By default, \fBqjs\fR will try to detect if \fIFILE\fR is a JS script or an ES module.

.TP
\fB\-\-o\fR \fIOUTPUT\fR, \fB\-\-out\fR \fIOUTPUT\fR
Output file name when creating a standalone executable with \fB\-c\fR.

.TP
.BI \-\-stack\-size " N"
Limit the stack size to \fIN\fR Kbytes.

.TP
.B \-\-std
Make \fI'std'\fR, \fI'os'\fR and \fI'bjson'\fR available to the script.

.TP
.B \-T\fR,\fP \-\-trace
Trace memory allocation.

.TP
.B \-v\fR,\fP \-\-version
Print version string and exit.

.TP
.B \-q\fR,\fP \-\-quit
Instantiate the interpreter and immediately exit.

.SH SEE ALSO
.SS "Man pages"
.BR qjsc (1)
.SS "Online documentation"
Detailed documentation about the project can be found at: https://quickjs-ng.github.io/quickjs/
