.TH QJSC 1 "2026-07-22"
.SH NAME
qjsc - QuickJS-NG bytecode compiler

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY qjsc
.RI [ OPTION ].\|.\|.\&
.RI [ FILE ].\|.\|.
.YS

.SH DESCRIPTION
QuickJS-NG is a small and embeddable JavaScript engine.
It aims to support the latest ECMAScript specification.
.PP
The \fBqjsc\fR executable runs the JavaScript compiler.
It can generate bytecode from source files which can then be embedded in an executable,
or it can generate the necessary scaffolding to build a C application which embeds QuickJS.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-b
Output raw bytecode instead of C code.

.TP
.B \-C
Compile as classic JavaScript script.
By default, \fBqjsc\fR will try to detect if each \fIFILE\fR is a JS script or an ES module.

.TP
.BI \-D " MODULE_NAME"
Compile a dynamically loaded module or worker.

.TP
.B \-e
Output \fBmain()\fR and bytecode in a C file.

.TP
.B \-m
Compile as ECMAScript module.
By default, \fBqjsc\fR will try to detect if each \fIFILE\fR is a JS script or an ES module.

.TP
\fB\-M\fR \fIMODULE_NAME\fR[,\fICNAME\fR]
Add initialization code for an external C module.

.TP
.BI \-n " SCRIPT_NAME"
Set the script name (as used in stack traces).

.TP
.BI \-N " CNAME"
Set the C name of the generated data.

.TP
.BI \-o " OUTPUT"
Set the output filename.

.TP
.BI \-p " PREFIX"
Add a prefix to generated C names.

.TP
.B \-P
Do not add default system modules.

.TP
.B \-s
Strip the source code. Specify this option twice to also strip debug info.

.TP
.BI \-S " N"
Set the maximum stack size to \fIN\fR bytes (default is 1 048 576).

.SH SEE ALSO
.SS "Man pages"
.BR qjs (1)
.SS "Online documentation"
Detailed documentation about the project can be found at: https://quickjs-ng.github.io/quickjs/
